Expand reference for macros. (#181)
apple/swift-book: TSPL.docc/ReferenceManual/Expressions.md

<#macro name#>(<#macro argument 1#>, <#macro argument 2#>)
```

A macro-expansion expression omits the parentheses after the macro's name
if the macro doesn't take any arguments.

A macro-expansion expression can't appear as the default value for a parameter,
except the [`file()`][] and [`line()`][] macros from the Swift standard library.
When used as the default value of a function or method parameter,
these macros are evaluated using the source code location of the call site,
not the location where they appear in a function definition.

[`file()`]: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/file()
[`line()`]: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/line()

You use macro expressions to call freestanding macros.
To call an attached macro,
use the custom attribute syntax described in <doc:Attributes>.

> Both freestanding and attached macros are expanded as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both freestanding and attached macros expand as follows:
```

> 1. Swift parses the source code and performs type checking,

Reviewer 2: We do type-check the macro arguments, but (especially with attached macros) not all of the ASTs that are provided to the macro implementation are type-checked, and the results of type checking are not currently available to macros. I think it might be clearer to drop the "performs type checking" part here, because macros work entirely in the syntactic space:

```suggestion
1. Swift parses the source code
```
